Add policy docs in the community handbook (#3975)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: book/website/community-handbook/accessibility.md

While accessibility is commonly understood with respect to disability, we – meaning _The Turing Way_ community – define accessibility as giving access to groups of people that encounter different barriers for participation, and in this sense, our accessibility practices may overlap with practices that enable inclusion.
Examples of this may include the language used to communicate within a team (be that an international and/or interdisciplinary environment), access to computing infrastructure or institutional resources, internet connectivity needs, hiring and facilitating diverse teams, and more.

We aim to draw from the [access-centered framework](https://accesscenteredmovement.com/what-access-centered-means/) in describing access as a constant process that changes in each space with each individual.
Much like how _The Turing Way_ itself is always being written and rewritten, our accessibility and access-related practices are constantly being updated as broader awareness grows and changes in technology are made.

This chapter contains following subchapters with accessibility guidelines when participating _The Turing Way_ community and recommendations when writing chapters:

> - {ref}`Accessibility Policy of The Turing Way Community<accessibility-policy>`
> - {ref}`accessibility-event-organising`
> - {ref}`accessibility-comms-platforms`
> - {ref}`accessibility-alt-text`

Author: ```suggestion
- {ref}`Accessibility Policy of The Turing Way Community<ch-accessibility-policy>`
- {ref}`ch-accessibility-events`
- {ref}`ch-accessibility-comms-platforms`
- {ref}`ch-accessibility-alttext`
```
